approvals apis-initial PR (#11645)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/approvalstep.md

---
title: "approvalStep resource type"
description: "The approvalStep object associated with the accessPackageAssignmentRequest."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: "resourcePageType"
---

# approvalStep resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

In [Azure AD Entitlement Management](entitlementmanagement-root.md), the approvalStep object for decisions associated with the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest`. It is used to distinguish decisions for different steps of an approval workflow that approvers can act on.

> 

Reviewer: This resource should have an H2 section ## Methods with a methods table that lists the Get and list methods for approval steps.

---

> title: "approval step resource type"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "approvalstep resource type"
```

> description: "The approval step object associated with the accessPackageAssignmentRequest."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "The approvalStep object associated with the accessPackageAssignmentRequest."
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "resourcePageType"
---

# approvalStep resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> In [Azure AD Entitlement Management](entitlementmanagement-root.md), the approval step object for decisions associated with the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest`. It is used to distinguish decisions for different steps of an approval workflow that approvers can act on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In [Azure AD Entitlement Management](entitlementmanagement-root.md), the approvalStep object for decisions associated with the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest`. It is used to distinguish decisions for different steps of an approval workflow that approvers can act on.
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The identifier of the step associated with an approval object. Read-only.|

> |displayName|String|The step Label provided by the policy creator to identify an approval step. Read-only|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|displayName|String|The label provided by the policy creator to identify an approval step. Read-only|
```

> |status|String|The step status, which can be InProgress or Completed. Read-only.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|status|String|The step status. Possible values: `InProgress` or `Completed`. Read-only.|
```

> |assignedToMe|Boolean|Indicates if the step is assigned to the calling user to review. Read-only.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|assignedToMe|Boolean|Indicates whether the step is assigned to the calling user to review. Read-only.|
```

|reviewedBy|[userIdentity](useridentity.md) collection | The identifier of the reviewer. Read-only.|
|reviewedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time when a decision was recorded. Read-only.|

> |reviewResult|String|The result of this approval record. Current possible values include: NotReviewed, Approved, Denied.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|reviewResult|String|The result of this approval record. Possible values include: `NotReviewed`, `Approved`, `Denied`.|
```

|justification|String|The justification associated with the approval step decision.|

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |approval|[approval](../resources/approval.md) collection|The approval object for decisions associated with the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest`..|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|approval|[approval](../resources/approval.md) collection|The approval object for decisions associated with the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest`.|
```

---
title: "approvalStep resource type"
description: "The approvalStep object associated with the accessPackageAssignmentRequest."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: "resourcePageType"
---

# approvalStep resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

In [Azure AD Entitlement Management](entitlementmanagement-root.md), the approvalStep object for decisions associated with the `accessPackageAssignmentRequest`. It is used to distinguish decisions for different steps of an approval workflow that approvers can act on.

## Methods

| Method       | Return Type | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> |[Get approvalStep](../api/approval-get-steps.md) | [approvalStep](approvalstep.md) | Retrieve the properties of an **approvalStep** object. |

Reviewer: FYI, we follow a set order for the CRUD operations - List, Create, Get, Update, Delete. So this one should have List before Get.
